# Nadia

My qualifying work - "Nadia" platform Real call using React Such libraries and technologies are used as: Slider react-router-dom css-module A solid back-end simulation with a significant amount of validation The following functionality has been implemented User registration: • Description: The system has the ability to register users. Users can enter their data: mobile phone, e-mail, password and surname. • Key functions: • Users can click the "Sign Up" button to create a profile. • The system sends a notification to the user's phone with a confirmation code for registration. • Users can enter the verification code and send it for verification or return to the main registration menu. • Users are notified of errors such as wrongly entered phone number, wrongly entered e-mail address, existence of an account with such data, etc. Authorization: • Description: The system allows users to enter account data (phone number or e-mail and password) and log in to the system. • Key functions: • Users can go to the registration menu or click the "Forgot Password" button. • The system sends a password reset confirmation code to the phone, after which users can change their password. • Users receive various error messages such as incorrect password or login, incorrect code, incorrect login, etc. Home page: • Description: The main page contains informative banners, information about the project, appeals for help to developers and a list of the most popular volunteer organizations. • Key functions: • The system provides an icon in the header to redirect users to the main page. • Displaying a list of the most popular volunteer organizations with links to their sites. My profile: • Description: The system includes an icon in the header to redirect users to profile management, shows the current user data and allows changing this data. • Key functions: • Confirmation of phone/mail change via code. • Notification of errors such as wrongly entered phone number, wrongly entered e-mail address, existence of an account with such data, etc. My requests: • Description: The system displays a list of applications for searching for a missing person and applications for help added by the user, as well as the status of these applications. • Key functions: • The possibility of making changes to the application and deleting it. Search request: • Description: Users can leave applications for searching for missing persons by filling in the relevant fields such as first name, last name, date of birth, photo, place of disappearance, date of disappearance, etc. • Key functions: • The system allows you to fill in the data in the appropriate fields and confirm the submission of the application. • Users receive application feedback and error messages. Application for assistance: • Description: Users can leave requests for help by choosing a category (medical, material, psychological). • Key functions: • The system allows you to fill in the data in the appropriate fields and confirm the submission of the application. • Users receive application feedback and error messages. My contribution: • Description: The system displays a list of applications for searching for persons and applications for assistance to which the user responded. • Key functions: • The user can get rid of the "contribution". Looking for: • Description: The system displays a list of actual persons who need to be searched, with the possibility of viewing detailed information and responding to the request. • Key functions: • The system provides an opportunity to use filters to search for people. Help: • Description: The system displays a list of current applications for assistance, with the possibility of viewing detailed information and responding to the request. • Key functions: • The system provides an opportunity to use filters to search for applications. Purchase a subscription: • Description: The system displays premium subscription opportunity banners. • Key functions: • A button to purchase a subscription if the user does not already have one. Transaction (dynamic): • Description: The system displays the purpose of the transaction (premium subscription/assistance contribution) and the amount to be paid. • Key functions: • User can enter their credit details and make a transaction. Support: • Description: The user can view a list of the most popular questions and get an answer without contacting support or leaving a request for a question. • Key functions: • "Send" button to send the application. Moderation (Search Requests/Help Requests): • Description: Moderators can see the list of statements that were not processed by the automatic security mechanism and check them. • Key functions: • The system accepts or rejects the application automatically depending on the results of the checks. Moderation (User questions): • Description: The system displays a list of active user questions, sorted from premium users to regular users. • Key functions: • The moderator can review the question and give an answer to it.
